The idea that video games can be used in order to create empathy in its players is interesting. It is hard to know what someone who is going through something horrible is feeling, but a roleplaying video game might give some insight into how it feels to experience a traumatic event. It does seem like most of these games center around war, but I think it would be more interesting to see a game focused around mental or physical health. Most video games focus around war and seeing the perspective of a refugee might invoke empathy, but it doesn’t help us understand the people in our everyday lives. Playing a game that allows someone to see the point of view of someone with schizophrenia or cancer, would allow us to better understand the people we encounter in society.
	Having the main “power” of a video game character be a weakness would be interesting, but I don’t think it would very much fun (unless said weakness is to be overcome). While there have been video games that act as an art form and aren’t purely made for entertainment, I don’t think that every video game needs to have a deeper meaning. Just as books, music, and physical art can be entertainment or beauty, so can video games. Books and music lend themselves well to the idea of a “deeper meaning”, but video games do not do so as well. I don’t think they have the same ability to capture an audience. Sure there are some people who get wrapped up in video games, but I find the idea of the interactivity of video games to be too distracting. It is harder to find yourself getting lost in a game as you would in a book when you have to constantly think of what button to press next.
